I once spent some time with these the
WUF 1000x m3s which are a premium truly
wireless active noise-cancelling in-ear
monitor from Sony
but today's video is not about these
it's about these the WF x be 700 s xB
stands for extra bass and there are a
hundred dollars cheaper what do you
think about that let's see if the
expensive ones suck a hundred dollars
less than these I feel like already the
packaging is more austere than this one
and here it is whoa
very lightweight plastic AF not
completely opaque and here they are
these are bigger
these are definitely bigger than the X
and threes but they're not huge holy
these are isolating my voice sounds
weird even these are like earplugs
almost these do not have active noise
canceling the isolation that you get
when you put them in is all you're
getting but that might be enough the
other thing is that these don't have any
capacitive touch they don't swipe
they'll have gestures they're not
capacitive each has a button on the
right button you can play in pause
that's a single tap you can double tap
for next you can triple tap for previous
you can hold for the virtual assistant
in my case that's going to be Google
system cuz I'm a Android boy baby and
then on the left side that's your volume
you click it to increment and steps
going up louder and louder and you hold
it for continuous volume going down so
one step 12 once continuous is a bit
weird but it's easy to get used to you
just hold it until it's as quiet as you
want and then you let it go so let's see
how it actually works with music when I
pair it to my phone I never sent battery
rock and roll one of the differences
between these puppies and the more
expensive premium counterpart is battery
life
these ones advertise 18 hours of battery
life whereas the more expensive ones
advertise 24 hours now that's not just
on one go from the earbuds that's
including the charge case interestingly
these ones advertise a longer playtime
from the
but itself they say nine hours from the
earbuds themselves whereas the xn3
advertise six hours I might as well just
open these up you already see the
packaging is quite a bit more involved
but here we go the charge case is quite
a bit bigger between these two it's all
this you slick you're looking it's got
this nice click this one you're not
really gonna be able to fidget with but
you can see the size difference this has
a way bigger battery I think because it
provides three full charges to the
headphones so that's three six hour
charges plus whatever you can hold on
the headphones or 12:24 whereas this one
I think is only 100 milliamp hours so
you just get one additional charge so
nine hours per charge total 18 okay
let's play some music right after this
message from our sponsor honey honey is
the free shopping tool that finds the
best promo codes whenever you shop
online at specific sites honey works in
over 30,000 stores including Amazon eBay
new egg raiser Best Buy Walmart and many
more it's free and installs in just two
clicks literally two clicks honey gets
these small Commission from sites where
honey saves you money so it's free for
you and nothing fishy they don't sell
your data or anything so get them now
check them out at join honeycomb slash
short circuit back to the headphones I
have been obsessed with this song by
annie lennox called walking on broken
glass I'm pretty sure it's an 80s songs
ever since I listened to the strong
songs podcast from Kirk Hamilton how
about you did an episode on this song
and I've just been blasting yet sorry
wife holy cow
with these things they live up to the
name the extra bass this song sounds
almost like a dance remix when the bass
kick just pulsing driving if you're a
bass head I think you're gonna like
these but more and more I'm thinking
these are probably great for the gym
there I px4 rated and that means that
they have no rating for a dust that's
the X but they do have a rating for
water in this case it's a four I believe
that's out of nine and the four means
that they can withstand splashes from
any direction and that's basically just
sweat so it looks like they are geared
towards gym goers that that oxy makes
sense it kind of looks like it gets
splashed and survived almost I was like
a boat finish they look like they could
pop out of my ear and land on a dumbbell
and like they're gonna be okay someone
else could maybe step on them that they
might survive
and this case is just gonna easily slip
into a bag I think things are gonna be
great for the gym especially since
they're so isolating you can drown out
the music that the gym is playing above
your music pretty easily with these
let's see how loud they go yeah they go
loud enough louder than I would go for a
healthy listening you're gonna have no
problem hearing your music overtop of
ambient noises at the gym and stuff like
that they don't have fins what else is
in the box there's only this
instructions an adapter for USB C to a
and then more ear tips a lot of athletic
centered in ears will give you optional
silicon fins that you can put on and
they kind of nest into this part of your
ear these didn't come with that but I
think it's okay like they feel pretty
sturdy and it's because they use the
same design mentality as these ones
which is the three-point contact kind of
system in your ears and they're really
stable you could do box jumps you can
head bang you could fall off your
skateboard and you know hit something
because you weren't listening properly
with these and they're probably gonna
stay in your shoes might fly off though
similar to the higher-priced
premium version the case it does have
these little indicators which are really
like red and white as is also indicated
on the headphone so it's just a
no-brainer when you want to put them
back in the case and they snap in really
nicely - oh my tip fell off just the tip
though let's listen some more tracks
they are punchy on the base you're gonna
love these if you like EDM and stuff but
when I'm listening to non dance content
there's still good headphones they're
really articulate I'm noticing things
that I might not notice what I'm
listening in my car for example now as
for the high frequencies which can be
harsh on crap of your headphones if I
listen to some rock and roll a lot of
the times those guitars and sound harsh
on crap your headphones on on these they
still sound nice and clear not bad at
all they don't hurt and these I would
say are competent on the higher
frequencies but are they the best I mean
do you think that these have the same
sound quality as these ones 400 or more
let's find out okay yeah you can see
there's a low profile they're rounder
kind of sweet sleek
King yeah they sound different leave you
sound better they sound different
it's not just an EQ thing the more
expensive ones have an app a companion
app and there's various eq's presets and
you have the ability to make your own
and then you can kind of know adjust the
music as you like it these ones don't
have a companion app they have no
ability to change the EQ so I thought
maybe they just had a bass your EQ
applied to them and locked in that
doesn't seem to be the case
they sound up quite a bit different than
the more expensive ones but they do
sound good still these are pretty
comfortable they come with several
different ear tips and you should change
them out because if you don't get a good
seal in your ear canal you're knock it
up feel that really good bass you need
that three different sizes on here in
addition to what they came with so
you'll probably be pretty covered and
they're the standard ones that you can
you can buy replacements on Amazon stuff
like that one note that I found about
the Google assistant functionality is
that you cannot hail the assistant using
just your voice you have to hold and
press the button down for the assistant
to get hailed that doesn't mean that it
blocks the voice like if I just say
blank blue --gel my phone will still
hear it and pick it up but I'm talking
to this microphone other differences
include the Bluetooth actually these
have bluetooth 4.2 rather than bluetooth
I mean functionally it's probably gonna
be okay but theoretically Bluetooth 5
has double the bandwidth and 4 times the
range so depending on your use case you
might have some kind of deficiency there
but you're probably gonna be okay though
advertised quick charts speeds are
different so if you charge the premium
ones for 10 minutes you get 90 minutes
of playback if you charge these ones for
10 minutes
you only get 60 minutes of playback I
mean it's still a pretty sweet stat
I like that spec it's good it's just not
as good as these so all in all though I
think for a hundred and thirty dollars
right now these are really good if they
had been included in my roundup of like
50 less headphones that I did a few
months back they would have been the
best in the bunch I think of course
they're more expensive what was the
limit on that 150 bucks well these are a
lot more there
triple that there 130 bucks I think
they're awesome I think if you're new to
audio these might be the best headphones
you've ever had if you have the extra
100 bucks these are fantastic and they
have active noise-cancelling those sick
on a plane like if you have expensive
headphones you have cleaner magnetics
that you wear in your bed at night and
then you want to go to the gym and have
something that like doesn't kill you
like I have this pair of truly wireless
that are garbage and I don't even want
to wear them when I go to the gym these
aren't gonna do that to you if you're
used to good headphones and you just
want something not that expensive to
wear to the gym these are gonna be great
I think these are really good all
rounders I recommend them thanks for
watching short circuit today you guys
should subscribe because I'm going to be
reviewing some other really expensive
headphones from Odyssey planar magnetics
in a coming episode or maybe two episode
so we do have two pairs